Caddyfile configuration to allow only agent node discovery operations (#61)
Metrika-Inc/agent: README.md

The agent can run as a standalone binary, as long as configuration files are set up correctly.

### Using a Docker reverse proxy

> To avoid adding the metrikad user to the docker group, you can use a reverse proxy. The reverse proxy filters traffic before it reaches the non-networked Docker socket, preventing the agent process from speaking directly to it. The reverse proxy still needs a user that belongs to the docker group to run it so it can proxy requests to the UNIX socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid adding the `metrikad` user to the `docker` group, you can use a reverse proxy. The reverse proxy filters traffic before it reaches the non-networked Docker socket, limiting the docker API calls the agent can make. Note that the reverse proxy still needs to be executed by a user that belongs to the docker group, so it can proxy requests to the UNIX socket.
```

The agent can run as a standalone binary, as long as configuration files are set up correctly.

### Using a Docker reverse proxy

> If you'd like to avoid adding `metrikad` user to the `docker` group you can alternatively use a reverse proxy to filter traffic before it reaches the non-networked Docker socket and avoid having the agent process speaking directly to it. With this setup, the reverse proxy must be still run by a user that belongs to the `docker` group, so that it can proxy requests to the UNIX socket.

Reviewer 2: @iogakos minor suggestion on some of the copy here: 

To avoid adding the `metrikad` user to the `docker` group, you can use a reverse proxy. The reverse proxy filters traffic before it reaches the non-networked Docker socket, preventing the agent process from speaking directly to it. The reverse proxy still needs a user that belongs to the `docker` group to run it so it can proxy requests to the UNIX socket.

Author: Addressed in 77efbb6.
